do you want to quickly raise statistics
pump all thin get rare
medals then click on the link in the description
Hello dear friends we are with you
joker and most recently in his stream
tweet channel
yes by the way if you didn't know from me
stream channel subscribe link
right in front of you let's go ahead the noise from
these i will wait
but on purpose we continue in general on
your stream channel on twitch
I promised the guys to show one
interesting loophole through which
You can get to the castle on the map erlenberg
Of course there are several ways to
there is the most banal fill it just
take and shove a tank in there but it's not
interesting you can also just bump into
the castle and also get there it all
trite and uninteresting I found
interesting way so if you
Interestingly we sit down more comfortable we stock up
something delicious though not necessary
crowned stocked issue will be small
in general, let's go so we are on
Erlenberg card version 087 but nothing
terrible 0-3 and all subsequent versions
this loophole works to
get to the castle for us on the meat one
easy fast tank I took for example
Christmas tree on the Christmas tree is desirable to put yes
spiders 105 and act on my gasoline in general
optional and one heavy tank for
example we took the e75 which stood between
lock and step on which we will
if you give and so everything is ready the pilot in
cockpit run ripley
so we fly along the fence which
located near the castle turn on
it is with us and now we will be on the springboard
fly fly wedding 75 and here
in such an easy way with virtually no
losses fall into females
I hope you liked that release he
turned out very small but in my opinion
interesting so guys subscribe
do not miss the following videos on the channel
We look how to send a replay not to get
release it will turn out also the sorcerer
either see the last issue get
much buzz and pleasure well or
just subscribe to the channel to
nothing not miss anything well and
don't like the likes
but what about the joker?
as intended